---
title: Account
level: 1
ordinal: 100
---

In order to do any work in Anubis, a user must have an account.

Open calls are public, and can be viewed by anyone, including persons
who do not have an account.

A user can [register an account](/user/register). Depending on the
site policy, the account will be immediately enabled, or an
administrator will have to enable the account after inspection. An
email will be sent to the user once the account is enabled. It
contains information on how to set the password.

### User role

A user of the system must register an account, and each user must have
a valid email account to which emails with instructions on how to set
the password is sent.

Depending on the site configuration, user accounts may be
automatically enabled, or require the explicit enabling by the
administrator.

The administrator may register accounts, which do not have a valid
email address. This can be used for pseudo-user accounts which may be
useful in some scenarios.

The administrator may allow a user to create calls. A user who has
created a call becomes the administrator of it, and can deal with
nearly all aspects of it.

See [Instructions for users](/documentation/instructions-for-users).

### Staff role

A staff user can read most data in the Anubis system, but can edit only
certain data.

### Administrator role

An administrator is a user that has privileges to perform any action
that is available in the web interface of the Anubis system.

See [Instructions for administrators](/documentation/instructions-for-admins).

### Reviewer

A reviewer is a user account who has been designated as a reviewer in
a specific call by the administrator. A reviewer cannot have a
proposal of her own in that call.

A user that is a reviewer in one call, is not automatically a reviewer
in another call. This makes it possible for a user to be an ordinary
submitter of a proposal in one call, while being a reviewer in another
call.

See [Instructions for reviewers](/documentation/instructions-for-reviewers).

### Chair

A chair is a special kind of reviewer, who has the privilege to create
and delete review instances within the call. The chair can also view
the reviews of all reviewers in that call.



